README.md, before:

# Sonar

Sonar is a modern and privacy-focused search engine with a SourceHut-style design. 

The design of Sonar is heavily based upon and inspired by [Drew DeVault's article "We can do better than DuckDuckGo"](https://drewdevault.com/2020/11/17/Better-than-DuckDuckGo.html).

This repository includes the source code for a Sonar server, which in turn provides the essential components of Sonar: the crawler and the database. The crawler was created using Colly &mdash; a crawler and scraper framework. And the database uses Badger &mdash; a fast and embedded key-value database in Go.

A Sonar instance is searchable entirely by it's API. Simply by `POST`-ing to the search endpoint with a JSON object of keywords.

## Table Of Contents

- [Sonar](#sonar)
  - [Table Of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Documentation](#documentation)
    - [Self-hosting](#self-hosting)
    - [Running searches on the instance](#running-searches-on-the-instance)
    - [More Documentation and API Reference](#more-documentation-and-api-reference)
  - [Contributing new features](#contributing-new-features)
  - [License](#license)

## Documentation
### Self-hosting
### Running searches on the instance
### More Documentation and API Reference

The rest of the documentation for Sonar is available on this repository's [Github Wiki](https://github.com/lukewhrit/sonar/wiki). Additionally this page includes an in-depth reference for the server API and instructions for self-hosting and configuring an instance.

## Contributing new features
## License

The source code of Sonar, available in this repository, is licensed under the Apache 2.0 open-source license. A copy of Apache 2.0 is available in the repository in the [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) text file or on the web at both: [choosealicense.com](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/apache-2.0), and [apache.org](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

Commit message:

docs(readme.md): update; add features and contributing sections, and update main about section

README.md, after:

# Sonar

Sonar is a modern and privacy-focused search engine with a SourceHut-style design. Sonar is in no way ready to be used by anyone in production.

This repository includes the source code for a Sonar server, which in turn provides the essential components of Sonar: the crawler and the database. The crawler was created using Colly &mdash; a crawler and scraper framework. And the database uses Badger &mdash; a fast and embedded key-value database in Go.

A Sonar instance is searchable entirely by it's API. Simply by `POST`-ing to the search endpoint with a JSON object of keywords.

The creation of Sonar was induced primarily by Drew DeVault's article ["We can do better than DuckDuckGo"](https://drewdevault.com/2020/11/17/Better-than-DuckDuckGo.html).

## Features

* RESTful API.
* Easy to install, deploy, and maintain.
* Super fast search experience.
* Actually a search engine &mdash; doesn't pull results from any other search engine.
* Free of advertisements or paid results.
* Typo-tolerant.
* Supports non-HTTP data sources like Gopher or Man pages and third-party name systems like OpenNIC.

Most of these features are not yet implemented, but they will be eventually.

## Table Of Contents

- [Sonar](#sonar)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Table Of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Documentation](#documentation)
    - [Self-hosting](#self-hosting)
    - [Running searches on the instance](#running-searches-on-the-instance)
    - [More Documentation and API Reference](#more-documentation-and-api-reference)
  - [Contributing new features](#contributing-new-features)
  - [License](#license)

## Documentation

### Self-hosting
### Running searches on the instance

### More Documentation and API Reference

The rest of the documentation for Sonar is available on this repository's [Github Wiki](https://github.com/lukewhrit/sonar/wiki). Additionally this page includes an in-depth reference for the server API and instructions for self-hosting and configuring an instance.

## Contributing new features

We're always looking for new volunteers for the project, we've got a lot to work and can definitely use help.

If you want to work on Sonar feel free to create a pull request, just make sure you read our contributing guide and follow its rules. More information and the guide are available in the [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

## License

The source code of Sonar, available in this repository, is licensed under the Apache 2.0 open-source license. A copy of Apache 2.0 is available in the repository in the [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) text file or on the web at both: [choosealicense.com](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/apache-2.0), and [apache.org](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
